h1. SDC2013 presentation in Qt/QML

* Guide to get Qt running on the PI: http://qt-project.org/wiki/RaspberryPi_Beginners_guide
* C++ libraries in experimental directory need to be (cross) compiled. 
* On other platforms the installation should be something like:


h2. Prerequisites / Installation

* get and install Qt5 http://qt-project.org 
* get and install http://qt.gitorious.org/qt-labs/qml-presentation-system
* in experimental directory: qmake; make (for RPI you have to cross compile)

h2. Warnings

* Use GPIO pins with care. Without proper protection circruits you will harm your PI. 

h2. Credits and License
* I'm releasing this under MIT license. There are some exceptions for images and fonts that have been used. See those below

* The code for the Editor and Terminal screens are derived from Andrew Baldwins talk code at https://gitorious.org/devaamo2012_qt5onrpi (also MIT licensed)
* Some Photos in the presentation are CC and copyright to the owners linked in the presentation. Check the license before
 using them.
* The beautiful title font used in the presentation is copyright: DIRTY HEADLINE, A TrueType Font by S. John Ross,
 Cumberland; Games & Diversions, www.cumberlandgames.com (check the license in the corresponding text file)


h2. Keys, if you actually get it to work:
* F1: show/hide editor
* TAB: focus editor
* ESC: de-focus editor / exit presentation
* F2: Show Terminal
* F3: Show 'cheat' solution in EditorSlide
* F4: Go to first error in EditorSlide
* PgUp/PgDown prev/next slide/step
